README.md, before:

# Data Plotter

|           |                                                                                 |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Name      | Data Plotter                                                                    |
| Version   | v1.0.0                                                                          |
| DockerHub | [weevenetwork/data-plotter](https://hub.docker.com/r/weevenetwork/data-plotter) |
| Authors   | Jakub Grzelak                                                                   |

- [Data Plotter](#data-plotter)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
    - [Module Specific](#module-specific)
    - [Set by the weeve Agent on the edge-node](#set-by-the-weeve-agent-on-the-edge-node)
  - [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  - [Input](#input)
  - [Output](#output)

## Description

This module collects some amount of data (Sample Size) and then plots them together. Later the module sends the graph as the PNG file to the next module.

## Environment Variables

### Module Specific

The following module configurations can be provided in a data service designer section on weeve platform:

| Name                    | Environment Variables | type    | Description                                                                                                                  |
| ----------------------- | --------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| X Axis Input Data Label | X_AXIS_DATA           | string  | Input data label that holds data points for x axis.                                                                          |
| Y Axis Input Data Label | Y_AXIS_DATA           | string  | Input data label that holds data points for y axis.                                                                          |
| Sample Size             | SAMPLE_SIZE           | integer | Number of data points to plot, i.e. if sample size is 10 then every 10 received data points the graph is plotted and output. |
| Graph X Axis Name       | X_AXIS_LABEL          | string  | Name of the graph x axis.                                                                                                    |
| Graph Y Axis Name       | Y_AXIS_LABEL          | string  | Name of the graph y axis.                                                                                                    |
| Graph Title             | GRAPH_TITLE           | string  | Title of the graph.                                                                                                          |
| Graph Color             | GRAPH_COLOR           | string  | Color of the graph (`red`, `blue`, `green`, `cyan`, `magenta`, `yellow`, `black`).                                           |
| Graph Linestyle         | GRAPH_LINESTYLE       | string  | Linestyle of the graph (`solid`, `dashed`, `dashdot`, `dotted`).                                                             |
| Graph Marker            | GRAPH_MARKER          | string  | Marker of the graph (`.`, `o`, `v`, `^`, `<`, `>`, `*`, `+`, `x`).                                                           |
| Grid Lines              | GRID_LINES            | string  | Configure the grid lines by selecting the axis to apply the changes on (`None`, `both`, `x`, `y`).                           |
| Output Label            | OUTPUT_LABEL          | string  | The output label at which graph file is dispatched.                                                                          |

### Set by the weeve Agent on the edge-node

Other features required for establishing the inter-container communication between modules in a data service are set by weeve agent.

| Environment Variables | type   | Description                                    |
| --------------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| MODULE_NAME           | string | Name of the module                             |
| MODULE_TYPE           | string | Type of the module (Input, Processing, Output) |
| EGRESS_URLS           | string | HTTP ReST endpoints for the next module        |
| INGRESS_HOST          | string | Host to which data will be received            |
| INGRESS_PORT          | string | Port to which data will be received            |

## Dependencies

```txt
bottle
requests
matplotlib
```

## Input

Input to this module is:

* JSON body single object, example:

```json
{
    "temperature": 12,
    "timestamp": "12:50"
}
```

* array of JSON body objects, example:

```json
[
    {
        "temperature": 12,
        "pressure": 14
    },
    {
        "temperature": 15,
        "pressure": 17
    }
]
```

## Output

Output of this module is a PNG file with the plotted graph sent to the next module.

Commit message:

Updated ReadMe with infor regarding multipart/form-data output.

README.md, after:

# Data Plotter

|           |                                                                                 |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Name      | Data Plotter                                                                    |
| Version   | v1.0.0                                                                          |
| DockerHub | [weevenetwork/data-plotter](https://hub.docker.com/r/weevenetwork/data-plotter) |
| Authors   | Jakub Grzelak                                                                   |

- [Data Plotter](#data-plotter)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
    - [Module Specific](#module-specific)
    - [Set by the weeve Agent on the edge-node](#set-by-the-weeve-agent-on-the-edge-node)
  - [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  - [Input](#input)
  - [Output](#output)

## Description

This module collects some amount of data (Sample Size) and then plots them together. Later the module sends the graph as the PNG file to the next module. Since the module outputs `multipart/form-data` instead of `application/json`, currently only [Gmail](https://github.com/weeve-modules/gmail) module in weeve suite accepts the output of this module.

## Environment Variables

### Module Specific

The following module configurations can be provided in a data service designer section on weeve platform:

| Name                    | Environment Variables | type    | Description                                                                                                                  |
| ----------------------- | --------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| X Axis Input Data Label | X_AXIS_DATA           | string  | Input data label that holds data points for x axis.                                                                          |
| Y Axis Input Data Label | Y_AXIS_DATA           | string  | Input data label that holds data points for y axis.                                                                          |
| Sample Size             | SAMPLE_SIZE           | integer | Number of data points to plot, i.e. if sample size is 10 then every 10 received data points the graph is plotted and output. |
| Graph X Axis Name       | X_AXIS_LABEL          | string  | Name of the graph x axis.                                                                                                    |
| Graph Y Axis Name       | Y_AXIS_LABEL          | string  | Name of the graph y axis.                                                                                                    |
| Graph Title             | GRAPH_TITLE           | string  | Title of the graph.                                                                                                          |
| Graph Color             | GRAPH_COLOR           | string  | Color of the graph (`red`, `blue`, `green`, `cyan`, `magenta`, `yellow`, `black`).                                           |
| Graph Linestyle         | GRAPH_LINESTYLE       | string  | Linestyle of the graph (`solid`, `dashed`, `dashdot`, `dotted`).                                                             |
| Graph Marker            | GRAPH_MARKER          | string  | Marker of the graph (`.`, `o`, `v`, `^`, `<`, `>`, `*`, `+`, `x`).                                                           |
| Grid Lines              | GRID_LINES            | string  | Configure the grid lines by selecting the axis to apply the changes on (`None`, `both`, `x`, `y`).                           |
| Output Label            | OUTPUT_LABEL          | string  | The output label at which graph file is dispatched.                                                                          |

### Set by the weeve Agent on the edge-node

Other features required for establishing the inter-container communication between modules in a data service are set by weeve agent.

| Environment Variables | type   | Description                                    |
| --------------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| MODULE_NAME           | string | Name of the module                             |
| MODULE_TYPE           | string | Type of the module (Input, Processing, Output) |
| EGRESS_URLS           | string | HTTP ReST endpoints for the next module        |
| INGRESS_HOST          | string | Host to which data will be received            |
| INGRESS_PORT          | string | Port to which data will be received            |

## Dependencies

```txt
bottle
requests
matplotlib
```

## Input

Input to this module is:

* JSON body single object, example:

```json
{
    "temperature": 12,
    "timestamp": "12:50"
}
```

* array of JSON body objects, example:

```json
[
    {
        "temperature": 12,
        "pressure": 14
    },
    {
        "temperature": 15,
        "pressure": 17
    }
]
```

## Output

Output of this module is a PNG file with the plotted graph sent to the next module (`multipart/form-data`).
